here we've got a walls been rendered and
the big problem with rendered walls is
they tend to be absorbent so this wall
when it bends it gets very wet and then
when it gets wet the more you tend to
stay in the wall
sore 23z there's a good chance it's
going to start cracking all over the
place so what we're going to do is going
to paint it but before you paint render
you need to seal it version with an
appropriate see look so here we've got a
stabilizing solution which is what you
paint onto the wall before you apply
your paint so we're going to apply this
to the end then tomorrow we're going to
actually paint the wall so whenever you
use an anything light is essential that
you meet the safety instructions on the
back sort of red doors I've got me
safety sunglasses on I've got me
protective gloves on I've given it a
good shake so it's all shake it off and
then I voted the reasonable amount of it
into a pair kettle
then I've got a decent size brush so
that what can actually start to
stabilize this wall and then when it's
dry tomorrow which will be able to pinch
things on to it so if you use a larger
size bush which is a four-inch one of
this it'll make it a lot easier and
you'll get the earlier cause a lot
quicker one thing you can do with
stabilizing solution is speed on you've
got to paint it on with a brush I
painted on with a roller you can see
immediately that is soft and straight in
there because the surface is very
absorbent
so we stabilized the wall yesterday over
the stabilizing solution and today we're
going to paint it using the bursa
McCain's so again you need to read the
instructions on this and this particular
paper needs to give it a good stir
before we use it's all just going to use
this piece of chrome tubing you can use
a stick over anything really to stir it
up so if you're doing it regularly you
can get a mixer to fit in all that trick
drill for mixing your paint so I'm just
going to give it a good mix and match
you with if they're paying to make slop
thoroughly before we start painting
we're also using a four inch brush on
this wall
and you'll also notice it was political
sheet down that's to stop any
paintsville's from going on the actual
floor itself it's always a good idea to
put something like this that when you
pee into the wall so whenever you're
painting
y'all need to keep the tip of your brush
coming in paint what you don't want to
do is don't kick straight in there
enough pain going everywhere because if
you get it coming that's this party is
just going to go all over the place it's
a lot easier to control the pin you put
it on if you keep two about there and
your brush so I'm just going to dip it
in there and then clean off any excess
on the side so actually them make it
easier for when you cut it in on edges
like that where you need to walk to
something on a surface like that you're
gonna have to make sure you work the
pins into the actual walls on the wall
so that often means going in several
directions
so when you come to a point where you
need to cut it and if you just use a
side of the brush and just drag it like
that you should get a neat ish edge
if you look on this pillow you'll see
that we've got galvanized angle beading
behind the vendor and that can cause you
a few problems look a bit lower down on
this angle bead you'll see that it
started to go loosely there and that is
a very common problem so we need to
address that before we paint over it
with the mess with pins so what we're
going to do is going to get a by every
option but it's going to clean up a
little bit of lost and then we're going
to apply some Zinser bullseye one two
three which is an external cui
so once you've painted this onto that
bead it will seal it and it'll prevent
any rust some bleeding through and it
will also make it waterproof sorsa nor
water can actually penetrate through and
get through to the angle bead again but
like all paint you need to read the
instructions first so now we're just
going to get a pair bushing when it's
going to paint down the coin and out
just to seal it and prevent any future
problems from occurring
so now you can see that we've painted
both of the edges where the galvanized
angle bead is and the good thing is that
that particular stand block that we've
used will be dry in 30 minutes so in 30
minutes time we can give that a course
of the motion repent so when you're
finished you should end up with a ball
looking something like this
you